Southern Gaza Israel's military assault
on the city of Kan yunas has killed at
least 89 Palestinians and injured more
than
250 people say they were given no time
to find safety Israeli forces started to
bomb the area just moments after they
ordered people to
leave we'll bring in our correspondent T
abum who's joining us from d balah in
central Gaza T the death toll is rising
from the attack in Khan Yunis and we
expect it to go even higher
yeah that's right Daren uh the security
situation on the ground is escalating
especially in the city ofan Unis in the
southern part of the strip what we do
know is that the military has started a
military operation 24 hours ago where
they have been giving people a very
short time in order to flee from the
houses but what we do hear from
eyewitnesses is that they have been
attacked as they were trying to flee
from the houses but uh according to what
we also can get from the uh gaza's
government media office in an official
statement he said that at least 89
Palestinians have been killed during the
past 24 hours only in the city of khun
while more than 260 others were wed but
generally the the shocking reality is
that there are still 68 others missing
under the ruffle as search teams cannot
really get close to the Eastern areas
where the fighting now is Raging between
Hamas operatives and the US occupation
forces but the humanitarian situation
has ended up to be and to sound
incredibly drastic as more alarm sign of
distress Rose in the Horizon there
especially that the space of the
humanitarian Zone has shrunk and now we
can also say that it's no longer can be
classified to be safe humanitarian Zone
because right now it's a theater for
operations by the Israeli Army so the
creation of the so-called humanitarian
sa Zone has s to be right now a trap for
death in the perspective of despl
families who are right now living in the
open without getting any proper source
of shelter but as the situation is
incredibly sounded Grim in the city of
Kanan yunes it's also deteriorating in
ALB where there is also a very limited
Military incursion has been carried out
by the Israeli occupation forces they
are advancing deeply and slowly into
that camp destroying residential houses
while casualties and death tool among
civilians that also Rose to reach more
than seven Palestinians being killed in
one of the latest attacks there in fact
Darin all right to thank you so much for
that reporting from D bah in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz